I'm wondering
You didn't show up when Wang Chongyang took the hostages
You showed up when I took his man hostage
Is it really such a coincidence?
Wang Zongjun must have been forced to do this
How can you be so kind as a junior?
20 years ago, Wang Chongyang massacred me and the flower family
A total of 880 lives
You call this a must-report
The dead cannot come back to life
Besides, Wang Zongjun has always felt guilty for being true and good
Can't you just give him a chance?
Dehumanized like him
Unscrupulous treason
How could I feel guilty?
and
We are not qualified to replace our deceased predecessors
Give Wang Chongyang a chance
Enough who doesn't have a dark history
Robberies are a thing of the past
Let him apologize and it's over
He actually dares to hit the ancient poem
Is that Taishan Beidou under the dragon?
Hit the imperial teacher in the face
Isn't that the same as hitting the whole lobster in the face?
This is the end, the bold thief dares to beat the imperial teacher
What crime
You dare to hit the remnant of my neighbor, you are against the sky
Then won't it be over if I apologize?
Even the Fuhrer wouldn't dare to hit me
Do you think you want to cause trouble by apologizing?
I just hit you.
Didn't kill you
You can't take it anymore
He, Wang Chongyang, slaughtered me and the Hua family
880 living lives destroyed his hands
If an apology works, what do you want this justice for?